# Business Analytics

Business analytics refers to the approaches in which organizations such as businesses, non-profits, and governments analyze their data to gain insights and make better decisions. Business analytics is applied in operations and supply chain, marketing, finance and accounting, human resource, healthcare, and sports among other functions. The ability to use data effectively to drive rapid, precise and profitable decisions has been a critical strategic advantage for companies as diverse as NetFlix, Walmart, Google, Facebook,
American Express, and Disney. For example, American Express employs sophisticated data analytic and mining capabilities to predict customer churn. Walmart uses analytics to monitor and update its inventory in a way that allows it to serve its customers at an exceptionally low cost. Besides, startups such as Palantir and Splunk build their business models based on the application of analytics to large databases. With the increasing availability of broad and deep sources of information – so-called “Big Data” – business analytics are becoming an even more critical capability for organizations of all types and all sizes.	

In this repositor, I have been exposed to managerial, strategic and technical issues associated with developing and deploying Business Analytics in different areas such as marketing (customer), e-commerce, supply chain and operations, human resource and talents, sports or healthcare. You will learn to identify, evaluate, and capture business analytics opportunities that create value. Further, you will know how to gather strategic decision making requirements from businesses and develop Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and corporate performance management metrics. Toward this end, you will be able to understand when and how to apply basic analytic methods to address the identified issues in your workplaces.
